End-User License Agreement (EULA) of Cantima

This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you and Cantima Team

This EULA agreement governs your acquisition and use of our Cantima software ("Software") directly from Cantima Team.

Please read this EULA agreement carefully before completing the installation process and using the Cantima software. It provides a license to use the Cantima software and contains warranty information and liability disclaimers.

If you are entering into this EULA agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity and its affiliates to these terms and conditions. If you do not have such authority or if you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this EULA agreement, do not install or use the Software, and you must not accept this EULA agreement.

This EULA agreement shall apply only to the Software supplied by Cantima Team herewith regardless of whether other software is referred to or described herein. The terms also apply to any Cantima Team updates, supplements, Internet-based services, and support services for the Software, unless other terms accompany those items on delivery. If so, those terms apply. This EULA was created by the EULA Template for Cantima.

License Grant
Cantima Team hereby grants you a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive licence to use the Cantima software on your devices in accordance with the terms of this EULA agreement.

You are permitted to load the Cantima software (for example a PC, laptop, mobile or tablet) under your control. You are responsible for ensuring your device meets the minimum requirements of the Cantima software.

You are not permitted to:
Edit, alter, modify, adapt, translate or otherwise change the whole or any part of the Software nor permit the whole or any part of the Software to be combined with or become incorporated in any other software, nor decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer the Software or attempt to do any such things 
Reproduce, copy, distribute, resell or otherwise use the Software for any commercial purpose
Allow any third party to use the Software on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party
Use the Software in any way which breaches any applicable local, national or international law
use the Software for any purpose that Cantima Team considers is a breach of this EULA agreement
